css: add max inset values to the env() page (#39916)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/env/index.md

- `safe-area-inset-top`, `safe-area-inset-right`, `safe-area-inset-bottom`, `safe-area-inset-left`
  - : The `safe-area-inset-*` variables are four environment variables that define a rectangle by its top, right, bottom, and left insets from the edge of the viewport, which is safe to put content into without risking it being cut off by the shape of a non‑rectangular display. For rectangular viewports, like your average laptop monitor, their value is equal to zero. For non-rectangular displays — like a round watch face — the four values set by the user agent form a rectangle such that all content inside the rectangle is visible.
- `safe-area-max-inset-top`, `safe-area-max-inset-right`, `safe-area-max-inset-bottom`, `safe-area-max-inset-left`

>   - : The `safe-area-max-inset-*` variables represent values of the above safe area insets when maximum area is available after dynamic UA interfaces are retracted. The max safe area insets are fixed values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The safe area maximum inset environment variables represent the static maximum value of their dynamic `safe-area-inset-*` variable counterpart.
```
